>> Steve Kinney: So
we have this default state.
What we're gonna do is we're gonna
use normalizer to go ahead and
figure out how to turn it into
the data that we deserve, all right?
So actually go instead of looking at it,
we'll go ahead and implement it.
I'm gonna create a new file,
called normalized-state.js.
Cool.
And now we'll go ahead,
and we'll pull it in,
we saw before, schema and normalize.
>> Steve Kinney: From
this normalizer library.
And we'll pull in that default state.
Yeah and you might choose,
do this as API results come in.
That's totally cool.
>> Steve Kinney: I'll
pull that in as well.
And now we saw before,
we can create schema.
So we'll say, a user
>> Steve Kinney: schema.Entity and
we'll just say this is users.
A card we saw before, is a new schema.
>> Steve Kinney: With the entity of cards,
and it points to a user.
Now you notice that the reason I had to
define user first is because this one's
gonna have to reference the user schema.
So there's a little bit of thinking here,
but
it's mostly just
rearranging lines of code.
All right, so we have a user, schema.
I have a card that has an assigned past
tense, assigned to a particular user.
So these, it'll figure this all out as
it gets this data structure in here and
then we'll have a list.
>> Steve Kinney: Which we'll go ahead and
we'll call it list, right?
And it will have cards that will be an
array of this card schema that we defined.
>> Steve Kinney: All right, so
we're at this point most of the way there.
What I'm gonna do now is
I'm just gonna run it.
Now that I've defined the schema I'm just
gonna run it through the normalization.
So I'll say normalizedLists = normalize,
I'll give the defaultState.lists.
And we'll say that you're gonna
get an array of list objects,
cuz that's the way it was in my state.
We're going to pull the list,
which was an array.
And we'll be like,
hey, I've kind of told you that what
you're about to get is an array of lists.
And you know that each list
has an array of cards.
Can you go ahead and
just figure this all out for me?
This is not technically anything
that you couldn't write normally
in standard JavaScript.
It's just that watching me do that
is not the best use of your time.
And arguably, having a library
doing it consistently and stably,
if you have a big enough team,
is also probably helpful.
>> Steve Kinney: Which
will be an array of users.
All right, and now what we're gonna
do is just kind of export our data.
I can even console log if we wanna see,
but
it's going to give me that data
structure we saw in that run book,
which there will be cards,
which will have entities and IDs, lists,
which will have the entities and the IDs,
users, which will have entities and IDs.
Those entities will be objects.
With the ID being the key,
and the data being the value.
This will be really useful when
we go to pull it out of Redux.
We'll export const
lists,
>> Steve Kinney: To do
a little bit extra reformatting
to get it fully the way I
want
>> Steve Kinney: Lists,
what's the chance I've misspelled
entities at some point?
>> Steve Kinney: Cool, it actually puts
the IDs in a array called result which,
it's just confusing for us.
If you're cool with that that's fine.
But I think as we talk about it to
remember that result is an array of IDs is
problematic.
So I've chosen to rename it
ids as we're talking about it.
It's more clear for you.
>> Steve Kinney: So users will be.
>> Steve Kinney: Normalizing as users,
sweet.
>> Steve Kinney: Entities.
>> Steve Kinney: This one
was a little bit different.
We'll actually pull the ones
from the giving cards.
We didn't get it,
we didn't find a schema for that.
So we'll just do it ourselves.
>> Steve Kinney: This will give me
the data structure that I need.
Again, we talked about it.
>> Steve Kinney: And
we'll just export default all three.
>> Steve Kinney: Cool.